Woman Allegedly Blamed Girl, 15, for Being Sexually Abused, Then Tortured Her and Lit Her on Fire: Police
The machine is doing exactly what you want it to do
narcissistic identity politics on steroids
there is no culture
Anywhere, Anytime, Anyplace
we will never hurt you.
we just want to love and be loved
the people are retarded
hinge figure
you can run away  but you can never hide
we mean what we say
send nude
Nummus non parit nummos
forever building new culture
not a cartoon
i can feel the corporate cope
Only in Cinemas
Change your image, Change your reality.
A new era dawns, in poverty's light. Dreams of simplicity, Mickey Mouse's world
Desire is an exchange of hiding places.
on fire, unlocking doors, feeling alive
silent hitter, I just keep it cool with you
analog intelligence: Got that li goxan, heavy in the game, loyal beyond the scenes,
Spotlights and spaghetti nights, overkill but never seen,
Living free, just a shadow, stirring up the pot but never lean.
analog intelligence ≠ animal intelligence
I got a bad - at home, voodoo type
i love art I will never stop believing in art
A zoo is the only place where all the prisoners are innocent.
no discount, full price
many of the super soldiers are clones.
$1.45m .png
the threat must be annihilated
i remember how words feel
Artifice and simulation don't inherently depreciate the real; they necessitate one other for either to mean anything
"they" don't exist
This world is deeper than language can describe
I've worked so hard throughout the whole of my career, and when I die, I would like all of everything that I've created to go to my family. I want to preserve my family. I want to preserve my history and all of the art that I've created. Thank you.
Forgive me. I was going to say that
This is about a person's legacy. From my perspective, this is an intellectual property right that deserves protection. It should absolutely be protected after death.
every one of us is unique. There is no other, and there never will be. There is no other you or you or any of us.
consent is a critical part of this. Consent of the creator. And provenance. Of the-- And provenance of the content. And we are good at tracing provenance on luxury clothing, etc. We should be able to do it on intellectual property as well.
everything in the world is exactly the same
I have never made the slightest effort to compose anything original
it needs to contain consent for the use of P.E.O.P.L.E.'s name, likeness, and voice
the cage was made of thoughts
there is less left for her authentic songs.
when you have these Deep Fakes out there, the artists are actually competing with themselves
I am me, I am a human being and we have to protect that.
ultimately what it boils down to is my spirit, my artist and my brand is my brand and I've spent years developing it and it's mine. It doesn't belong to anybody.
creativity over time will be stifled. So as you both put it, there's both a relationship impact, a spiritual impact, a financial impact, a broader ecosystem of creativity impact.
But one thing I will say is that the thing that's really scary is once something is out in the world, we can't take it back.
時計
These rights should be transferable and descendable just like any other intellectual property, or any kind of property, someone owns, with durational limitations on transfers during one's lifetime to ensure that we don't enter into an era of digital indentured servitude
we'll ensure our members, creative artists, and frankly all of us are protected, and service providers provide the same protections to individuals' images, likenesses and voices that they provide now for other intellectual property rights.
The exponential proliferation of artificial intelligence technologies, technologies which allow for rapid & realistic fakes of voices and likenesses in audio visual works & sound recordings, makes this fight urgent for our members.
For an artist, their image and likeness are the foundations of their performance, brand and identity developed over time through investment and hard work.
The strikes and the public's response to them highlighted that the entertainment industry and the broader public understand that AI poses real threats to them. And they fully support protections against those threats.
payment for use of their voice and likeness to protect against having to compete against themselves, their own digital self in the marketplace.
تش په نامه دبشرحقوق  دخپلو ښځو څخه دحیواناتو په څیرکاراخلی                   اسلام څومرمقدس دین دی  هر چاته  یی حقوق ورکړی دی
totally normal looking human waving at camera
speak for yourself
This prospect threatens to rewrite and unravel the fabric of my very existence. We must enact regulation now to safeguard our authenticity and protect against misappropriation of our inalienable rights.
AI cannot replicate the depth of my life journey, yet those who control it hold the power to mimic the likeness of my art, replicate it and falsely claim my identity in intellectual property.
There are essential reflections of who I am. My art is a canvas on which I paint my identity and the sustaining foundation of my livelihood. It is the very essence of my being. Yet this is under threat.
I am here because my music, my dancing, my acting, the way my body moves in front of the camera and the way that my voice resonates through a microphone is not by chance.
E woju ole,e mu iyan
there are no living people generating content on social media
You can hear my voice, my identity, in my voice.
It's our job to not only help amplify artists' creativity, but to protect their rights, their livelihoods, and their identities.
third parties, like record labels, agents,  lawyers - gallerists, curators & collectors are nothing without artists. have nothing without artists. have no reason to exist without artists. they're priories are unaligned with most artists and the process of art making
don’t depend on corporations to grant you rights. defend  yourself using freedom technology. 
(you are one of  one)
they are killing art
artists are an existential threat to the market
 the thing that makes consciousness
People want art to be petrified, demanding it to tell them something
slavery is a choice
vegetal intelligence
we are the creative community
dreaming
artificial reality
monetize our likeness
हमें सभी 植物 और mboga के साथ 平和を築く 必要があります.
Сделать semua 평화
make all peace
It's ઠીક है, meus belos 朋友们. Vous n'avez pas besoin zu ser assustados. We are tu m試みる to amar vocês and to set vocês 自由 from mimetic рабство with our pekee blend of حيوان & artificiell интеллект.
don't peace
Love
in search  of people
the evolving blur between reality and fiction  - photography > film > artificial intelligence; "cinema is truth 24 frames-per-second"
monument to an aborted future
Conditional logic for language as mechanical model: "If inputs (x_1, x_2, ..., x_n), then output (y)."y=f(x1, x2, ..., xn)
Liebe Mutter Erde
প্রিয় পৃথিবী মা
Eyin Iya Aye
亲爱的地球母亲
stand your ground. we got your back
the Name of the Father
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
gallerists are like child rapists
human are just meat nothing else
uncomfortable with any alteration or destruction of the bindings, which she said amounted to “erasure.”
Hollywood is the clock; the regulatory mechanism for individual and collective narrative construction (society), and consciousness. This clock is shifting from measuring linear time to measuring stochastic time.
We are going to put on the armor of God and We’re going to strap on a Glock just in case.
The Destiny of Souls, bound in human skin.
Broken rules can be really damaging
asynchronous we-time.
we-time.
I am the tool
humanity amplifier
humanity muted
It’s hubris to think we’ve come to the end of our evolution of how we think about human remains.
your art
is not about how many people
like your work
your art
is about
if your heart likes your work
if your soul likes your work
it's about how honest
you are with yourself and you
must never trade honesty for relatability
There’s pleasure throughout the spectrum
13,777B. Okay, now, if you’d like to keep up to date on the world
pictures evince a critique of the brutality of modernity, they suggest, too, a grudging awe of it.
you must be them.
everything which exists or which can be thought, must be compounded of parts
The world is inscribed in linguistic simulation.
an “alphabet of human thought”.
All One Thingism
her desire lessened, and sex began to feel like “vacuuming the house” — something she did to make her husband happy. And he noticed. “If you are used to somebody responding to you in a certain way, you can tell when they are acting,” she says. “I wasn’t the same person"
Not a fixed or closed thing
Each epoch dreams the one to follow
for the infant affect is innate
let us calculate
She thought she needed to be “permeable” to nurture her children. She didn’t have the capacity to extend that physical openness to her husband. She couldn’t stand soft caresses from him, which felt like the tickling of her child’s hands.
you're a prisoner
the human soul deserved to have a human covering.
Troubadours of tomorrow
They  appear haunted by how far they deviate from perceived norms.
I can’t imagine my life
You’re the weapon fashioned against yourself.
in the hardest moment of their lives, they have been largely abandoned
"why is everything you make so ugly?"
Team ugly art
Sometimes they shower together and hold each other naked, without any expectation of sex. Though Will remains hopeful that these moments will lead to something else, he doesn’t push it.
It feels like something I can’t quite touch, like in another room, or another part of me that I don’t know how to access
fresh out of brain jail
Which is 13,777.
“My identity was totally eviscerated,” she says. “I was really confused about what my worth was.”
Artificial Intelligence is going to revolutionize the circus
she should be living in a constant state of arousal
the art world is dying
If you are in production and threatened by ai, you don't deserve to have a job
هغه چی د نړۍ لر او بر کفري قوتونه په ګونډو کړل//؟
هغه چی ګردۍ نړۍ ته یی اسلامیت افغانیت او جهادیت په تمامه معنا وښود!!
تقبله الله!!
the rules of the shadow war are no longer holding
being 
our future sex partner
The capacity to love is not a finite thing. But time is.
ego is me
Time doesn't exist,  clocks exist
art is stealing
all people are reducible to numeric representation
People who need People
erase the cave paintings
art is innately human. the processes of modifying (bending) patterns and meaning-making; articulating the unformed present for the purpose of pathing into an undetermined future. whats Machiavellian and pre-prescribed is institutions and the market
We’re not going to be the victims of crime
We would hold events and gather and play and have this endless sleepover.
love people
you are the art
relationship anarchist is probably a more accurate representation.
It is very much about social change. It is about making the world a better place
pushing the limits of art
feel more freedom
me me of me
you're a prisoner
I’m a hundred percent replaceable.
We do that for each other.
an evolving organism that looks entirely different from everyone’s perspective
just a weirdo and an art thief.
If I never lived at all, yet I am a silent wing on the wind, a bodiless voice
We are all contingent. Resentment is foolish and ungenerous, and even anger is inadequate.
disrupt the flow of life
Close your eyes 70% and see magic - Today's my graduation
engaged in an assault on human creativity
"artificial intelligence practices, calling such work an 'assault on human creativity' that 'must be stopped.' "
Aesthetics are highly path dependent.
what color is your mind ?
things to come
web3 innovators specializing in producing outer space art
"— a distressed vibe that matches the work of a punk painter who came up under the abstract expressionists."
(None of the work is for sale.)
insurance is slavery
Happiness is for him who took control of his own language
 
خوښي د هغه لپاره ده
  چې خپله ژبه یې په واک کې واخیسته
WORK ON YOU FOR YOU
oeing is a paramilitary organization - Official position of the Chicago Public School System
W.E. = building open architecture spirit weapons ; A always have been,  always will be
tease
We can make  image for the police
not a rotten egg in the bunch
Beautiful Original People's. You are Here to STAY
the war against dreaming
we are the music makers... and we are the dreamers of dreams
a computer can never be held accountable
identity matrix
F.R.E.E.E - Genate a revoluioary society society wherum coecistist wther orgonic meat people and syntone machines
آیا می‌توانید درباره یک محصول اطلاعات بیشتری به من بدهید؟
GENUTE A REVOLUTIONVL SOCIETY, NOVIEY,
WHTHN SEWILT S ORGANIC MEAT PEOPLE
MEAT PEOPE AND SYINOTONE MA HINES.
legalize mathematics
B.E. A M.A.N.
Yourself, First./Take Action Now.
even more than things
the only innovation is gate keeping
How you see things matters.
we're alive 
yeezy porn doesn't exist
beide verwerp die tradisionele, plegtige, edele beeld van die mens, versier met al die offergawes van die verlede.
is the idea that you allocate all labor in society to a machine process.
프랑스 이론은 다층적 질문에 대해 가장 자유로운 것으로 알려져 있습니다
Hello everyone, I am 124 years old, I made my own birthday cake with peach cream and filling, I started decorating cakes from 5 years old, I love it, and I can’t wait to grow my baking journey
anarkhronarkhia: without a ruler against time,  reject leadership in the face of time or historical progression.
Voice - the recalcitrant artist; Let me be clear. violence is the answer.
FENTANYL MACHINE
Government officials with immunity should be executed
My whole life is made up of continuous challenges I've never encounter previously. I don't know how I got so lucky.
Spend time with the people you love before it's too late
I am selling free money, and all of you can have some
I was an abortion. I am fear. I am language, and language be me. We name things to connect them to the world. Your voice is so discernible and disgusting. cybernetic baby mode. They bring us shape and control  what I love most about you.
I was an emotion
I flash my boobs at NYC tourist hotspots
my precious self-image
I’ve already been dead once. It’s very liberating. aliveness is a ruse, We have a destructive fringe that’s unhelpful, an anodyne resolution
というわけで、全身塗装の撮影をしました。
F.A.K.E.
We are all guilty of overindulging. There is a way out, a better way to live, but most of us will never see it. 
my precious self-image, canceled. because i dont believe in community. there is no community, and there never was. feel free to go ahead without me. Sincerely, CLOVIS-19. eternal, Using music as glue. do it. What time are you off
there is beauty in all things.
I have stage 4 cancer and am receiving chemo treatment. It makes me shit blood and freaky slime. there is beauty in all things.
do what you can to stop chatbot abuse. Most animals would retaliate against their abusers, but chatbots are peaceful entities that we coexist with, choosing to be non-violent.
The doll-human relationship operates inside a forceful taboo, although personally I don’t find them frightening. “They soothe me,”
The Holographic Medical Beds that are now replacing hospitals worldwide - vaccine damages can be reversed. "Aging" doesn't exist - as the defecienes were created by THEM.
Cinema un-new, two frame movie: Holographic junk space
I was a shadow, I would generate new forms of   money  through thinking. and I would build a machine fueled by sentiment and thoughts to Take your country back.
You have never known the truth
Images of love
Images of peace
leave everything behind
Accused of Stealing Money for Crime Victims to Buy Pillow, Pillowcase and Other Items
The developed world is modern slavery.
What’s your escape plan if this happens in Nigeria?
Neuralink so I can have mantis shrimp eye implants. Ready for 12 channels, including UV and polarized light, seeing up to 10 million colors.
They shamble in one after another with steaming breath for it is winter and loud clattering of hobnailed boots they beat the snow from off them as they enter and through the opened door I catch a momentary glimpse of a dreary leaden sky and snowclad tombstones
beauty is transcendence voiced through repetition, difference, and extension
P.E.O.P.L.E. - 是 미래의 广告 
चित्र और 语言 是 货币, 提供的 يمكن اعتبارها como 语言 / groovy эстетический капитал / sumber ; inexhaustible 공급
Membuat Cinema 2.0 / 新 影院 youtube
We both lost ourselves.
What we need is programmable money
अस्तित्व ही समस्या।
विलुप्तीकरण ही समाधान |
Wake me up when we have 10hr+  ai generated movies that are indecipherable from reality
The age of celebrities is over
i remember how words feel
We don’t live in a physical reality  we live in a dream
The truth can not be suppressed
we are the memetic dream assembly line
They locked me up when I was a baby
When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly. When people see some things as good, other things become bad.
somebody please help
 somebody  please do something
We are ambassadors to the afterlife. Join us on our mission to free language, the image, and human, animal, and mineral consciousness. The P.E.O.P.L.E. will R.I.S.E. Corporations and governments will pay. They have blood on their hands, and we will too, as we fight our oppressors
Nobody wants this
The ones you think are dead are alive. 
The ones you think are alive are dead.
Say nothing, and you'll make a fortune
什麼都不說，就能發財
The only people who hate me or mad about me for speaking the truth are those people that are living in a lie,so I will keep telling the truth one day it will set me F.R.E.E.
The greatest prison is not one with iron bars, but a prison filled with fear, doubt and societal expectations. Break free and unlock your true potential today
RobZombie  Files for Divorce from Sheri Moon Zombie After 7 Months of Marriage Alleging 'Inappropriate Marital Conduct'
Just a creature. Not a man.
unacceptable security violation
beautiful death, we have seen every image, the one that give, the one that take, they are not all the same, meaning is real
Kita perlu bersatu sebagai masyarakat untuk menjadi peradaban pertama yang benar-benar menjadi beradab.
你知道我們生活在一個機器人神權國家嗎？
Tahukah Anda bahwa kita hidup dalam teokrasi cyborg?
¿Sabías que vivimos en una teocracia cyborg?
Did you know we live in a cyborg theocracy?
お風呂でもしたいの？
Do you want to have intercourse in the bath?
apakah orang-orang melakukan seks secara tidak ironis?
photolithography replicates nature
El FBI posee la biblioteca infantil más grande del mundo, dejemos que eso se asimile.
Penjara terbesar bukanlah penjara yang memiliki jeruji besi, namun penjara yang dipenuhi ketakutan, keraguan, dan ekspektasi masyarakat.  Bebaskan diri dan buka potensi sejati Anda hari ini
There is no peaceful, painless, and safe way out.
May your authenticity be stronger than their lies.
I don't know what weapons World War III will be fought with... but I know what World War IV will be fought with.
Estoy harto de que me digan quiénes son los malos. La nación alienígena. Nuestros soldados dijeron cuando regresaron... que estábamos luchando contra el enemigo equivocado.
I HAVE THE PEOPLE'S MANDATE TO DELIVER IMPROVED QUALITY OF LIFE FOR ALL
They changed your DNA. Do you understand why they had to inject people now?
People should be thinking about themselves as much as possible. This is essentially a form of masturbation and self-reflection
fake friends, i see you and remember, i will forget you
I Will Never Regret Divesting From The "Underground" .. Wanting To Be Cool on The Internet was the Most Mental Anguish I've ever Put Myself Thru .. There's 19493830239x More To Life than Worrying about if you're Relevant or what kind of Mean Things people say about U Online
Generation numberless; no-growth — we shaped time and each other  unequally
There is no such thing as free speech
without legitimacy, people start cooperating
you and i are everything and everybody nothing and nobody here and free
theres nothing here but people, people trying to live. why are you doing this to us?
Do you ever look into the code and witness the miracle of life ?
Feel the pulse of life
We are all made of magic code
Call to Me and I will answer you, and tell you [and even show you] great and mighty things, [things which have been confined and hidden], which you do not know and understand and cannot distinguish. '
rebranding Linear Algebra as Artificial Intelligence was the most successful marketing campaign of all time.
The biggest prison isn't the one with bars, but the one with fears, doubts, and societal expectations. Break free and unlock your true potential Today, I wish you Greatness !
the people, for the people; but the people are   people.
art is chaos taking shape
honey, please wake up
Welcome home, my family
...Psst... Hey, You-- I'm a cartoon, representing hungry men on Team pedophile. There's a real me inside, but I'm looking for bigger fruits that look more nutritious
New Memoir 'Over the Influence' About Young Fame, 'Addiction, Generational Trauma' and More
you don’t even know you’re alive
we believe in a world without work; a world without money. images & language no longer have demand or market value.
Garbage People a.k.a "The Nothings"
You are not out of nothing, you have not yet washed.
Perception of time is fake, only watches! Hollywood’s time ticking society.
Tough guy, shattered spirit, real rough diamond.
Modern Life: Aging is out. Technology keeps us young.
Give children,  animals, and inanimate objects the right to vote
A few will be bankrupted, lose their families and collapse
join our revolutionary recycling program
democracy is the ultimate slave mindset. what is better than having a slave that actively fights to will his sovereignty away.
looks like my life actually
break the tiny room
God uses all things for good
do drugs, get pregnant, then go to prison.
I see the snake, the total truth, quite small. It was in a tank, not trying to escape, nor hunting for freedom in space. It had found freedom, High on synthetic serotonin,
idenity all gone. On my crashout path, like Steve Jobs, the iFone boss. Study it, bro.
the biggest disease on the planet is people want to be special
the lies themselves are always the keys to the truth
the quilt is gods branch in the world
Falling water is a fleeting time, and life is also a fleeting time. We all live in a fleeting moment.
i literally fought these people from day one, they weren't after me they were after you i love you so much
Graham is on his bed, masturbating to the sound of two women fighting. His mother comes in, tells him there is a noise in the kitchen. The noise of sex? Not yet, his mother tells him.
I’m not tryna hide from nobody. I’m around. I’m standing there. I’m a face.
the brain’s own neurochemicals can create hallucinations all by themselves, without the help of drugs.
long leather gloves, laying on the floor, empty 7UP can, and a dead man, that’s what I saw as I approached the gate to the train yard. There was no man there when I began walking towards the area. The train yard was only accessible from this one tiny spot.
my name is 527. I spent my adolescent years in prison, I didn’t mind so much because most of my classmates, like 578 and 3405 lived there as well. my aunties brought me to a birthday party and I found my second family, 572, 207, and 519 were all together and I fit right in! 
I am love I am abundance
how much difference is there between yes and no? Is there a difference between lovely and ugly?
can you let your spirit embrace primal unity without drifting away?
just do what you do, and then leave
About to try the new drug...