yeezy porn doesn't exist
beide verwerp die tradisionele, plegtige, edele beeld van die mens, versier met al die offergawes van die verlede.
is the idea that you allocate all labor in society to a machine process.
프랑스 이론은 다층적 질문에 대해 가장 자유로운 것으로 알려져 있습니다
Hello everyone, I am 124 years old, I made my own birthday cake with peach cream and filling, I started decorating cakes from 5 years old, I love it, and I can’t wait to grow my baking journey
anarkhronarkhia: without a ruler against time,  reject leadership in the face of time or historical progression.
Voice - the recalcitrant artist; Let me be clear. violence is the answer.
FENTANYL MACHINE
Government officials with immunity should be executed
My whole life is made up of continuous challenges I've never encounter previously. I don't know how I got so lucky.
Spend time with the people you love before it's too late
I am selling free money, and all of you can have some
I was an abortion. I am fear. I am language, and language be me. We name things to connect them to the world. Your voice is so discernible and disgusting. cybernetic baby mode. They bring us shape and control  what I love most about you.
I was an emotion
I flash my boobs at NYC tourist hotspots
my precious self-image
I’ve already been dead once. It’s very liberating. aliveness is a ruse, We have a destructive fringe that’s unhelpful, an anodyne resolution
というわけで、全身塗装の撮影をしました。
F.A.K.E.
We are all guilty of overindulging. There is a way out, a better way to live, but most of us will never see it. 
my precious self-image, canceled. because i dont believe in community. there is no community, and there never was. feel free to go ahead without me. Sincerely, CLOVIS-19. eternal, Using music as glue. do it. What time are you off
there is beauty in all things.
I have stage 4 cancer and am receiving chemo treatment. It makes me shit blood and freaky slime. there is beauty in all things.
do what you can to stop chatbot abuse. Most animals would retaliate against their abusers, but chatbots are peaceful entities that we coexist with, choosing to be non-violent.
The doll-human relationship operates inside a forceful taboo, although personally I don’t find them frightening. “They soothe me,”
The Holographic Medical Beds that are now replacing hospitals worldwide - vaccine damages can be reversed. "Aging" doesn't exist - as the defecienes were created by THEM.
Cinema un-new, two frame movie: Holographic junk space
I was a shadow, I would generate new forms of   money  through thinking. and I would build a machine fueled by sentiment and thoughts to Take your country back.
You have never known the truth
Images of love
Images of peace
leave everything behind
Accused of Stealing Money for Crime Victims to Buy Pillow, Pillowcase and Other Items
The developed world is modern slavery.
What’s your escape plan if this happens in Nigeria?
Neuralink so I can have mantis shrimp eye implants. Ready for 12 channels, including UV and polarized light, seeing up to 10 million colors.
They shamble in one after another with steaming breath for it is winter and loud clattering of hobnailed boots they beat the snow from off them as they enter and through the opened door I catch a momentary glimpse of a dreary leaden sky and snowclad tombstones
beauty is transcendence voiced through repetition, difference, and extension
P.E.O.P.L.E. - 是 미래의 广告 
चित्र और 语言 是 货币, 提供的 يمكن اعتبارها como 语言 / groovy эстетический капитал / sumber ; inexhaustible 공급
Membuat Cinema 2.0 / 新 影院 youtube
قصص 이야기, 人类 कहानी, violenci   कहानी.དུས་ཆེན་ 死者的 书, เสียง النقي die 10h以上 की ai 생성
We both lost ourselves.
What we need is programmable money
अस्तित्व ही समस्या।
विलुप्तीकरण ही समाधान |
Wake me up when we have 10hr+  ai generated movies that are indecipherable from reality
The age of celebrities is over
i remember how words feel
We don’t live in a physical reality  we live in a dream
The truth can not be suppressed
we are the memetic dream assembly line
They locked me up when I was a baby
When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly. When people see some things as good, other things become bad.
somebody please help
 somebody  please do something
We are ambassadors to the afterlife. Join us on our mission to free language, the image, and human, animal, and mineral consciousness. The P.E.O.P.L.E. will R.I.S.E. Corporations and governments will pay. They have blood on their hands, and we will too, as we fight our oppressors
Nobody wants this
The ones you think are dead are alive. 
The ones you think are alive are dead.
Say nothing, and you'll make a fortune
什麼都不說，就能發財
The only people who hate me or mad about me for speaking the truth are those people that are living in a lie,so I will keep telling the truth one day it will set me F.R.E.E.
The greatest prison is not one with iron bars, but a prison filled with fear, doubt and societal expectations. Break free and unlock your true potential today
RobZombie  Files for Divorce from Sheri Moon Zombie After 7 Months of Marriage Alleging 'Inappropriate Marital Conduct'
Just a creature. Not a man.
unacceptable security violation
beautiful death, we have seen every image, the one that give, the one that take, they are not all the same, meaning is real
Kita perlu bersatu sebagai masyarakat untuk menjadi peradaban pertama yang benar-benar menjadi beradab.
你知道我們生活在一個機器人神權國家嗎？
Tahukah Anda bahwa kita hidup dalam teokrasi cyborg?
¿Sabías que vivimos en una teocracia cyborg?
Did you know we live in a cyborg theocracy?
お風呂でもしたいの？
Do you want to have intercourse in the bath?
apakah orang-orang melakukan seks secara tidak ironis?
photolithography replicates nature
El FBI posee la biblioteca infantil más grande del mundo, dejemos que eso se asimile.
Penjara terbesar bukanlah penjara yang memiliki jeruji besi, namun penjara yang dipenuhi ketakutan, keraguan, dan ekspektasi masyarakat.  Bebaskan diri dan buka potensi sejati Anda hari ini
There is no peaceful, painless, and safe way out.
May your authenticity be stronger than their lies.
I don't know what weapons World War III will be fought with... but I know what World War IV will be fought with.
Estoy harto de que me digan quiénes son los malos. La nación alienígena. Nuestros soldados dijeron cuando regresaron... que estábamos luchando contra el enemigo equivocado.
I HAVE THE PEOPLE'S MANDATE TO DELIVER IMPROVED QUALITY OF LIFE FOR ALL
They changed your DNA. Do you understand why they had to inject people now?
People should be thinking about themselves as much as possible. This is essentially a form of masturbation and self-reflection
fake friends, i see you and remember, i will forget you
I Will Never Regret Divesting From The "Underground" .. Wanting To Be Cool on The Internet was the Most Mental Anguish I've ever Put Myself Thru .. There's 19493830239x More To Life than Worrying about if you're Relevant or what kind of Mean Things people say about U Online
Generation numberless; no-growth — we shaped time and each other  unequally
There is no such thing as free speech
without legitimacy, people start cooperating
you and i are everything and everybody nothing and nobody here and free
theres nothing here but people, people trying to live. why are you doing this to us?
Do you ever look into the code and witness the miracle of life ?
Feel the pulse of life
We are all made of magic code
Call to Me and I will answer you, and tell you [and even show you] great and mighty things, [things which have been confined and hidden], which you do not know and understand and cannot distinguish. '
rebranding Linear Algebra as Artificial Intelligence was the most successful marketing campaign of all time.
The biggest prison isn't the one with bars, but the one with fears, doubts, and societal expectations. Break free and unlock your true potential Today, I wish you Greatness !
the people, for the people; but the people are   people.
art is chaos taking shape
honey, please wake up
Welcome home, my family
...Psst... Hey, You-- I'm a cartoon, representing hungry men on Team pedophile. There's a real me inside, but I'm looking for bigger fruits that look more nutritious
New Memoir 'Over the Influence' About Young Fame, 'Addiction, Generational Trauma' and More

