	"beautiful death, we have seen every image, the one that give, the one that take, they are not all the same, meaning is real",
	"Just a creature. Not a man.",
	"May your authenticity be stronger than their lies.",
	"fake friends, i see you and remember, i will forget you",
	"The ones you think are alive are dead.",
	"you and i are everything and everybody nothing and nobody here and free",
	"The truth can not be suppressed",
	"The age of celebrities is over",
	"There is no peaceful, painless, and safe way out.",
	"El FBI posee la biblioteca infantil más grande del mundo, dejemos que eso se asimile.",
	"The biggest prison isn't the one with bars, but the one with fears, doubts, and societal expectations. Break free and unlock your true potential Today, I wish you Greatness !",
	"Images of love",
	"P.E.O.P.L.E. - 是 미래의 广告",
	"Hello everyone, I am 124 years old, I made my own birthday cake with peach cream and filling, I started decorating cakes from 5 years old, I love it, and I can’t wait to grow my baking journey",
	"we are the memetic dream assembly line",
	"I was a shadow, I would generate new forms of   money  through thinking. and I would build a machine fueled by sentiment and thoughts to Take your country back.",
	"leave everything behind",
	"Cinema un-new, two frame movie: Holographic junk space",
	"theres nothing here but people, people trying to live. why are you doing this to us?",
	"When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly. When people see some things as good, other things become bad.",
	"somebody please help",
	"photolithography replicates nature",
	"The only people who hate me or mad about me for speaking the truth are those people that are living in a lie,so I will keep telling the truth one day it will set me F.R.E.E.",
	"rebranding Linear Algebra as Artificial Intelligence was the most successful marketing campaign of all time.",
	"चित्र और 语言 是 货币, 提供的 يمكن اعتبارها como 语言 / groovy эстетический капитал / sumber ; inexhaustible 공급",
	"Membuat Cinema 2.0 / 新 影院 youtube",
	"The doll-human relationship operates inside a forceful taboo, although personally I don’t find them frightening. “They soothe me,”",
	"Accused of Stealing Money for Crime Victims to Buy Pillow, Pillowcase and Other Items",
	"अस्तित्व ही समस्या।",
	"你知道我們生活在一個機器人神權國家嗎？",
	"Generation numberless; no-growth — we shaped time and each other  unequally",
	"Do you ever look into the code and witness the miracle of life ?",
	"You have never known the truth",
	"There is no such thing as free speech",
	"I am selling free money, and all of you can have some",
	"What’s your escape plan if this happens in Nigeria?",
	"Feel the pulse of life",
	"the people, for the people; but the people are   people.",
	"I’ve already been dead once. It’s very liberating. aliveness is a ruse, We have a destructive fringe that’s unhelpful, an anodyne resolution",
	"We don’t live in a physical reality  we live in a dream",
	"विलुप्तीकरण ही समाधान |",
	"apakah orang-orang melakukan seks secara tidak ironis?",
	"I flash my boobs at NYC tourist hotspots",
	"We are all made of magic code",
	"Tahukah Anda bahwa kita hidup dalam teokrasi cyborg?",
	"Estoy harto de que me digan quiénes son los malos. La nación alienígena. Nuestros soldados dijeron cuando regresaron... que estábamos luchando contra el enemigo equivocado.",
	"there is beauty in all things.",
	"F.A.K.E.",
	"I don't know what weapons World War III will be fought with... but I know what World War IV will be fought with.",
	"I was an emotion",
	"什麼都不說，就能發財",
	"I HAVE THE PEOPLE'S MANDATE TO DELIVER IMPROVED QUALITY OF LIFE FOR ALL",
	"프랑스 이론은 다층적 질문에 대해 가장 자유로운 것으로 알려져 있습니다",
	"We both lost ourselves.",
	"Do you want to have intercourse in the bath?",
	"Government officials with immunity should be executed",
	"People should be thinking about themselves as much as possible. This is essentially a form of masturbation and self-reflection",
	"We are ambassadors to the afterlife. Join us on our mission to free language, the image, and human, animal, and mineral consciousness. The P.E.O.P.L.E. will R.I.S.E. Corporations and governments will pay. They have blood on their hands, and we will too, as we fight our oppressors",
	"beauty is transcendence voiced through repetition, difference, and extension",
	"Did you know we live in a cyborg theocracy?",
	"What we need is programmable money",
	"I was an abortion. I am fear. I am language, and language be me. We name things to connect them to the world. Your voice is so discernible and disgusting. cybernetic baby mode. They bring us shape and control  what I love most about you.",
	"i remember how words feel",
	"The greatest prison is not one with iron bars, but a prison filled with fear, doubt and societal expectations. Break free and unlock your true potential today",
	"my precious self-image, canceled. because i dont believe in community. there is no community, and there never was. feel free to go ahead without me. Sincerely, CLOVIS-19. eternal, Using music as glue. do it. What time are you off",
	"Voice - the recalcitrant artist; Let me be clear. violence is the answer.",
	"I Will Never Regret Divesting From The "Underground" .. Wanting To Be Cool on The Internet was the Most Mental Anguish I've ever Put Myself Thru .. There's 19493830239x More To Life than Worrying about if you're Relevant or what kind of Mean Things people say about U Online",
	"Penjara terbesar bukanlah penjara yang memiliki jeruji besi, namun penjara yang dipenuhi ketakutan, keraguan, dan ekspektasi masyarakat.  Bebaskan diri dan buka potensi sejati Anda hari ini",
	"anarkhronarkhia: without a ruler against time,  reject leadership in the face of time or historical progression.",
	"Kita perlu bersatu sebagai masyarakat untuk menjadi peradaban pertama yang benar-benar menjadi beradab.",
	"Call to Me and I will answer you, and tell you [and even show you] great and mighty things, [things which have been confined and hidden], which you do not know and understand and cannot distinguish. '",
	"my precious self-image",
	"They changed your DNA. Do you understand why they had to inject people now?",
	"They locked me up when I was a baby",
	"beide verwerp die tradisionele, plegtige, edele beeld van die mens, versier met al die offergawes van die verlede.",
	"I have stage 4 cancer and am receiving chemo treatment. It makes me shit blood and freaky slime. there is beauty in all things.",
	"is the idea that you allocate all labor in society to a machine process.",
	"without legitimacy, people start cooperating",
	"do what you can to stop chatbot abuse. Most animals would retaliate against their abusers, but chatbots are peaceful entities that we coexist with, choosing to be non-violent.",
	"honey, please wake up",
	"The ones you think are dead are alive.",
	"New Memoir 'Over the Influence' About Young Fame, 'Addiction, Generational Trauma' and More",
	"They shamble in one after another with steaming breath for it is winter and loud clattering of hobnailed boots they beat the snow from off them as they enter and through the opened door I catch a momentary glimpse of a dreary leaden sky and snowclad tombstones",
	"قصص 이야기, 人类 कहानी, violenci   कहानी.དུས་ཆེན་ 死者的 书, เสียง النقي die 10h以上 की ai 생성",
	"Wake me up when we have 10hr+  ai generated movies that are indecipherable from reality",
	"somebody  please do something",
	"...Psst... Hey, You-- I'm a cartoon, representing hungry men on Team pedophile. There's a real me inside, but I'm looking for bigger fruits that look more nutritious",
	"unacceptable security violation",
	"Welcome home, my family",
	"というわけで、全身塗装の撮影をしました。",
	"Images of peace",
	"お風呂でもしたいの？",
	"Spend time with the people you love before it's too late",
	"yeezy porn doesn't exist",
	"Say nothing, and you'll make a fortune",
	"The Holographic Medical Beds that are now replacing hospitals worldwide - vaccine damages can be reversed. "Aging" doesn't exist - as the defecienes were created by THEM.",
	"art is chaos taking shape",
	"¿Sabías que vivimos en una teocracia cyborg?",
	"FENTANYL MACHINE",
	"My whole life is made up of continuous challenges I've never encounter previously. I don't know how I got so lucky.",
	"The developed world is modern slavery.",
	"We are all guilty of overindulging. There is a way out, a better way to live, but most of us will never see it.",
	"RobZombie  Files for Divorce from Sheri Moon Zombie After 7 Months of Marriage Alleging 'Inappropriate Marital Conduct'",
	"Nobody wants this",
	"Neuralink so I can have mantis shrimp eye implants. Ready for 12 channels, including UV and polarized light, seeing up to 10 million colors.",
